README.md, before:

kuk-A-droid
===========

How to transform the KUKA youBot mobile manipulator into your buddy!

## The big idea

Kuk-A-droid is a human-robot interaction (HRI) project. Several famous robots designed for social interactions have a shape closed to humans, like a full humanoid body or a human-like face. This project takes the opportunity of the KUKA innovation award to design what would be social interactions in the case of a robot with no human attributes, the youBot.

As a side project, a part of the technical landscape will be based on an Android handset. This will help to provide cheap sensors in the short term, and more important, a part of the code could be reuse to develop similar properties to other robots.

Crazy isn'y-it? Yes, and that's the fun!

## Quick start

+ Consider that everything is strongly experimental
+ Read the [wiki home page](https://github.com/Arn-O/kuk-A-droid/wiki) for a deeper insight of the project
+ Refer to the [roadmap](https://github.com/Arn-O/kuk-A-droid/wiki/Roadmap) to know the last achievements
+ Browse the wiki for detail descriptions of the concepts and the design
+ Refer to the installation instructions to learn in detail the technical architecture and/or contribute

## Documentation

Documentation is considered as a key component of this project. Best efforts will be delivered to keep the documentation synthetic, up-to-date, meaningful, relevant, logical and natural.

The GitHub wiki is the reference for the written documentation. General and detailed design, global architecture and landscape, technical references will be stored there.

This concern also covers the code. Every piece of code is expected to be properly commented according to the standard coding conventions.

## Contributing

This project is absolutely OPEN. HRI is a multidisciplinary field, and kuk-A-droid makes no exception. Whatever your background, if you feel motivated by the project, you can contribute.

The project is currently looking for a community manager, to extent the project out of GitHub only and have a better chance to federate people around it.

## Bugs and feature requests

Bugs are taken in a broad understanding. They may be related to programs error, but also to the documentation (if you consider it as not clear), to the design and even to the project organisation.

Bugs and additional features should be posted in the issue tracker.

## Community

GitHub is the meeting point of the community. The project just starts, so the community is very limited.

## Authors

**Arn-O:**
+ https://github.com/Arn-O
+ https://twitter.com/A_rnO_

## Copyright and license

Copyright 2013 Arn-O under [the MIT license](https://github.com/Arn-O/kuk-A-droid/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

link to the 3D graphics animator page

README.md, after:

kuk-A-droid
===========

How to transform the KUKA youBot mobile manipulator into your buddy!

## The big idea

Kuk-A-droid is a human-robot interaction (HRI) project. Several famous robots designed for social interactions have a shape closed to humans, like a full humanoid body or a human-like face. This project takes the opportunity of the KUKA innovation award to design what would be social interactions in the case of a robot with no human attributes, the youBot.

As a side project, a part of the technical landscape will be based on an Android handset. This will help to provide cheap sensors in the short term, and more important, a part of the code could be reuse to develop similar properties to other robots.

Crazy isn'y-it? Yes, and that's the fun!

## Quick start

+ Consider that everything is strongly experimental
+ Read the [wiki home page][1] for a deeper insight of the project
+ Refer to the [roadmap][2] to know the last achievements
+ Browse the wiki for detail descriptions of the concepts and the design
+ Refer to the installation instructions to learn in detail the technical architecture and/or contribute

## Documentation

Documentation is considered as a key component of this project. Best efforts will be delivered to keep the documentation synthetic, up-to-date, meaningful, relevant, logical and natural.

The GitHub wiki is the reference for the written documentation. General and detailed design, global architecture and landscape, technical references will be stored there.

This concern also covers the code. Every piece of code is expected to be properly commented according to the standard coding conventions.

## Contributing

This project is absolutely OPEN. HRI is a multidisciplinary field, and kuk-A-droid makes no exception. Whatever your background, if you feel motivated by the project, you can contribute.

We are looking for 3D graphics animator. Check full details [here][4].

The project is also currently looking for a community manager, to extent the project out of GitHub only and have a better chance to federate people around it.

## Bugs and feature requests

Bugs are taken in a broad understanding. They may be related to programs error, but also to the documentation (if you consider it as not clear), to the design and even to the project organisation.

Bugs and additional features should be posted in the issue tracker.

## Community

GitHub is the meeting point of the community. The project just starts, so the community is very limited.

## Authors

**Arn-O:**
+ https://github.com/Arn-O
+ https://twitter.com/A_rnO_

## Copyright and license

Copyright 2013 Arn-O under [the MIT license][3].

[1]: https://github.com/Arn-O/kuk-A-droid/wiki
[2]: https://github.com/Arn-O/kuk-A-droid/wiki/Roadmap
[3]: https://github.com/Arn-O/kuk-A-droid/blob/master/LICENSE
[4]: https://github.com/Arn-O/kuk-A-droid/wiki/Call-for-contribution:-3D-graphics-animator
